You know, what brings our students here, what
makes our reputation what it is.
But I think it would be the scholarship, a limited
amount of research, and a certain amount to
outstanding faculty, either as an incentive or an
award or whatever. I'm not years or better at that
than I am, but I would not object to doing that if I
had that opportunity. Okay, last thing.
Aggie story or two. Do you have a sad one, a poignant
one, a true Aggie event? And then a funny one, goofy
one
from your experience anywhere. What are your
favorite Aggie stories? I guess maybe let's say
that.
Well, I have one that's a shocker. But I probably
turn that thing off. Let me tell you what. One of the
funny ones that I remember, and this has to do with
Ed Cooper. Ed Cooper was such a stickler for signs
that were proper, you know, and he didn't really
care for any kind of handmade signs. This was some
years ago before we completely automated
everything. He went over to the Coliseum and they
were paying fees over there. and somebody had put a
sign up on the door that just said, the doors were
locked. Couldn't get in there and all the signs
said, computer broke.
And he came back to the office and he called me in
there and he said, Lacey, he said, get that sign
fixed. Well, he really wanted any of our doing to do
it, but we got over there and took care of it because
that was a funny story. Or go to the other extreme, a
sad or a poignant
one. A sad but a good one? Well, it can be good, yeah.
I know, but good in terms of,
does it necessarily have to deal with my tenure in
the office? No, no, no, no. Just relating to A&M
somehow. This goes back to my support of the Texas
A&M adjunct. I think that was a wonderful program
and I wish that maybe we don't need it today because
the students are so better educated now. I taught
for a summer out there between semesters here when
I was in the math department. As you well know, the
adjunct was put out there. This was one of General
Rudder's projects that he got going with Kimball
County, which is where Junction, Texas is
located. And of course the most famous story about
that is the Barry Bryant trip out there when he took
all the football players and what, three buses
went out and one came back or whatever it is. But a
lot of students were sent out there in order to get
the intense tutoring from faculty members that
would help them become prepared for on campus in
the fall. And
my tenure in teaching was like five years. But this
one student made it all worth my while and time. A
kid by the name of Tommy Reagan. And he was from some
little bitty small town between San Antonio and
go to Lareda, down in that general area. And when we
got Tommy at the adjunct, he could read 60 words a
minute when he wanted to go to school. And he took a
math class under me. And classes out there started
at 7 o'clock in the morning and ran till like 2 in the
afternoon. As a faculty member out there, you
lived on the post. It was kind of like a military
city. And you were, when you weren't in class, you
were in a room where there was a help session being
administered. And the students could come in from
7 in the morning until 10 at night. Saturdays
included. The only day we had off was Thursday. And
Tommy was having a hard time. But he was there all of
the time. All of the time. All of the time. And we
actually, we being some of the other faculty out
there, had to just make him go and do something
besides stay in these help sessions as much as he
did. Kid made it, got out of there just barely, came
to this campus. Three years later, was in vet
school. and is now a very, very successful
veterinarian and large holder of real estate in
Central Texas. Got a letter from his mother that
was almost illegible. But the gist of it was, Dear
Mr. Lacey, I just want to thank you for helping
Tommy. I did not finish the second grade, and my
husband did not ever go to school. And I am a postal
clerk in this little bitty town, and I'm sorry I
cannot remember. And the thing that you did for
Tommy, we taught him how to use his hands, but you
were able to teach him how
to use his hands. And all of my associations, and
education. That one. You know, that makes it work
well. Oh, yes, yes, yes. That keeps you going. Oh,
yes. That's splendid, isn't it? The other, I have
one other if you want to hear it. Oh, yes. I had to
revoke one diploma while I was at Texas A&M. This
was a diploma that we had awarded. The book's all
checked out to be correct. John Beckerman and I did
it together. This man came in my office and he said,
Mr. Lacey, he said, I'm on the police force in a town
in North Texas. And he said, I have not been able to
sleep for three years. Well, what's your problem?
He said, well, you guys awarded me a diploma and I
didn't learn
it. I said, really? He said, yeah. He told me the
circumstance. and I checked the records and what
had happened was he had taken a chemistry course in
another institution and had falsified the
transcript as he came in here. He needed
qualitative analysis here but he took
quantitative there and he changed it so Beckham
had given him the credit over in transfer. And he
said, I just can't live with myself any longer. And
so we revoked him. And two years later, he came back
here and took that course, and we graduated. So
that made me feel real good. And to finalize it, in
all of my contacts, I had my students up there, and
had to come to see me about problems. I only had one
that I never could or didn't feel like when he left
there that I had anywhere near satisfied him. He
was still there. Still better than he was when he
came in. I guess out of those numbers. Yeah. That's
a good batting average. That's a good batting
average, yeah. Let's quit with that. That's
great. All right.